# Frequently Asked Questions

Table of Contents

- Non-Failure Issues
  - [When uninstalling Homebrew, the uninstallation script does not automatically clean up `zshrc`](#not-clean-zshrc)
  - [After overriding system commands with a post-installed package, the system commands are still being called](#failed-to-override-system-command)
- Project Implementation
  - [Differences between Tier 1 and Tier 2 platforms](#difference-between-tier1-and-tier2)
  - [What changes have we made to Homebrew?](#what-changes-have-we-made)
  - [Why can we inherit most of the upstream formulas?](#why-can-we-inherit-formula)
  - [Why Homebrew Over Other Package Managers?](#why-homebrew)
- System Environment Analysis
  - [The Relationship Between OpenHarmony, HarmonyOS, and GNU/Linux](#relationship-between-OH-HO-linux)
  - [The Impact of Code Signing Mechanisms](#effect-of-code-signing)
  - [Differences Between Sandboxed and Non-Sandboxed Environments](#difference-between-sandbox-and-non-sandbox)
  - [How HMDFS Affects Us](#effect-of-hmdfs)
- Contributions and Maintenance
  - [How to Access the Pipeline?](#how-to-access-pipeline)
  - [How to Join the Maintenance Team?](#join-the-maintenance-team)
- Support and Planning
  - [Compatibility with Older Systems](#compatibility-with-older-system)
  - [How to Provide Commercial Support?](#provide-commercial-support)
  - [Can It Support Other Architectures?](#can-it-support-other-architectures)
  - [When Can We Contribute to Upstream?](#contribute-to-upstream)

</div>

## When uninstalling Homebrew, the uninstallation script does not automatically clean up `zshrc`

- **Symptom Description**:

  After uninstalling Homebrew and reopening HiShell, the terminal may display the following error: `no such file or directory: /storage/Users/currentUser/.harmonybrew/bin/brew`.

- **Cause Analysis**:

  This is not a bug; it is the intended behavior of the upstream version (official Homebrew).

  When Homebrew is first installed, users typically follow the script’s prompts to manually add the following environment variable initialization configuration to `~/.zshrc` (or `~/.mkshrc`):
  `eval “$(/storage/Users/currentUser/.harmonybrew/bin/brew shellenv)”`

  Since this configuration is **manually entered** by the user (or appended via a manual command), rather than being automatically generated by the installer script as private configuration, Homebrew’s uninstaller will not modify or clean up the user’s personal shell configuration file. Consequently, after Homebrew is uninstalled, the remaining `eval` command triggers an error because it cannot find the target file.

- **Solution**:

  To completely resolve the error, please manually edit your configuration file:
  1.  Open the configuration file: `vim ~/.
